Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Alice, how are you
Elias Gallegos: Oh, good. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. So let's talk for just a quick second before we start this assessment. Okay.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. So where am I finding you in your home.
Elias Gallegos: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're eating lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much longer are you going to be until you're done with your lunch.
Elias Gallegos: I'll just put away now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's okay. Um, I, I think I might need to change computers anyway.
Elias Gallegos: Oh,
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple of challenges. One of them, I think I told you, hopefully in groups that I don't have any texts capability. But then someone put me on some sort of Wi Fi. Anyway, it might be back. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Put me down somewhere Aaliyah so that I can see more of your body, not just your head, maybe on a bookcase or table.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So today's assessment is one where I gather some history and
Gwenevere Abriel: But before I do, I want to make sure that you're okay because I you and I haven't met but there was some pacing going on in group and I want to make sure you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has there been any recent slips where maybe you've used a stimulant a depressant, you haven't used any math.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was the last time you did.
Elias Gallegos: Three weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two weeks ago, when was your last year Android screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two weeks ago.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll take me a second to just got to open up this document.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I wanted to just let you know because you and I really haven't been introduced, you already know. My name is Gwen or you can call me one of your paid up therapist, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I live in Florida. Right now I'm visiting Santa Fe, New Mexico. So I'm in the same time zone as you
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've been practicing for over 20 years and have worked with folks sort of struggling with chemical dependence for most of my career, I really enjoy working with you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The only other thing. So then we'll dive into the assessment is, you know, my phone you can maybe you don't know this because I don't think I have your number yet, but normally what I do when I have good Wi Fi is I schedule individual therapy and we confirm through texting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be able to continue doing that. I'm not sure. Normally I do with my clients, but what I don't do is I don't do therapy through texting. In other words, like let's say you're going through a difficult moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear that I can receive the text, and I won't be able to write you back. I'll probably write you back like something like this. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, this is a difficult time can we meet for individual therapy in a zoom meeting. Will that be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's see, I gotta get in here. Where's your kit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spell your first name for me. Al is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's the problem. I started with them on letter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Legos.
Elias Gallegos: Legos.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he mentioned something about institutions that you've been in a few institutions and you spent some time in custody.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: With institutions of just curious what diagnoses, where they treating you for in an institution.
Elias Gallegos: PTSD anxiety.
Elias Gallegos: And this but
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, nothing else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can reach it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Easier. Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So first I'm going to start with getting a history. I'm mostly because I think you're too. I think your drug of choice is our math and is it meth and heroin or those you to go to know what it
Elias Gallegos: Does arrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the story with the math.
Elias Gallegos: Model know
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you used it two weeks ago.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah, like to do weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how did it. Is that a one time once in your life, or how often were you using math.
Elias Gallegos: Oh, just say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed that when we first were talking in group, you seemed kind of more comfortable. Does it seem like something changed where it's even more uncomfortable to talk here in the teleconference in in zoom
Elias Gallegos: No, I really
Just the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe it's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you've never been diagnosed with
Gwenevere Abriel: Bipolar Disorder schizophrenia.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you ever been diagnosed with something that sounds like schizo affective disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. Okay, and borderline personality disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. But bipolar. Do you remember how old you were when you were diagnosed with
Elias Gallegos: No, I don't think it was actually remember
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you know there's a few seconds ago you said you were
Elias Gallegos: Oh no, I don't think I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, don't think you are. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So have you ever taken any medication to treat depression or anxiety.
Elias Gallegos: Know, well, as it will be true. Now everybody taking
Gwenevere Abriel: The Wellbutrin is prescribed by a doctor. Doctor Arielle
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, Dr. Solomon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know who
Elias Gallegos: Remember,
Elias Gallegos: I have to take my of YouTube and be taking it so supposed to be going back to the psychiatrists to a couple days. I think tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I send me your psychiatrist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look on the bottle look on the bottle of the prescription
Elias Gallegos: Was to take to take you
Gwenevere Abriel: So aliya
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Do you have any difficulty sometimes reading
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Can you read the name of the doctor on the bottle, who prescribed it
Elias Gallegos: Joseph Lucy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lucy.
Elias Gallegos: Liu z i us
Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The age that. So we're going to get into the assessment. Now, what age were you when you first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have an opiate any opiate which includes
Elias Gallegos: 1314 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did it progress from there.
Elias Gallegos: Just been using opiates for longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to jump to a different question, it's in a different category. But I'm curious how far did you get in school.
Elias Gallegos: I mean, it's the 11th grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did. Were you in incarcerated and maybe they offered a GED, and you, you went for a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweet. Alright, so I got that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you were in school did. Did you ever have any difficulty reading any difficulty with language or math.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, no. Okay, so I want to back up to the opiate use this is these are, this will be the same questions for different substances. So age 14 you used what
Elias Gallegos: oxycodone or hydrocodone
Gwenevere Abriel: And we doing it to party or did you have an injury was a prescribed to you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You said no to both let's back up. What were you doing that you used an oxy
Elias Gallegos: Had a lot of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you selling at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, why did you have a lot of them.
Elias Gallegos: Are no I found him.
Elias Gallegos: Like 10 years ago 11 years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So on your
Gwenevere Abriel: You okay so you're 25 I see
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, do you remember at its worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: After know
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good. If you could bring your chair just about two or three feet closer
Elias Gallegos: Furniture
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you bring the table closer to you.
Elias Gallegos: Notice that's my this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, yeah.
Elias Gallegos: That's like my own. That's my dresser drawer.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I think we're having trouble hearing each other once you're able to hear. So I'm here. Let's see where we were at age 14 I don't quite have a progression yet because you don't, you're not remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't remember at its worst, how many hydrocodone or oxy as you were taking
Elias Gallegos: Or I don't remember.
Elias Gallegos: It was like 11 years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was the age that you first did heroin.
Elias Gallegos: Oh 16
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much heroin, did you do after you first used it.
Elias Gallegos: Oh, remember those like nine years you
Gwenevere Abriel: How far back do you remember
Elias Gallegos: Last year,
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had a brain injury. Do you know
Elias Gallegos: What
Gwenevere Abriel: When was that
Elias Gallegos: I don't know.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if it will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now remember that PTSD diagnosis. Right.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was that after an accident. Is that what they're telling you
Elias Gallegos: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so yes to brain injury, but you don't know when.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not sure if it was
Gwenevere Abriel: From a car accident or something like that. We don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: As far back as you can remember is a year ago.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so please transcribe So also, this is being transcribed. So you're going to hear me kind of talk funny. It means that I'm speaking directly to a transcription is so
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to sort of delve more deeply into remote memory and short term memory, but he can only recall back a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll don't know when we started, oh, we know we started heroin is 16 and and you don't know how much at its worst, you were doing, is that right
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. And your last use of heroin was when
Elias Gallegos: Or weeks ago, three weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you using it daily.
Elias Gallegos: No know
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't using heroin every day.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it IV.
Elias Gallegos: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you ingesting it. How are you getting it in your
Gwenevere Abriel: Pocket. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not hello
Elias Gallegos: I just took my medication. So you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to feel better soon. You said right
Elias Gallegos: Oh, so I haven't taken any like to do here too.
Elias Gallegos: Really nice to
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying you have not been taking Suboxone
Elias Gallegos: Know the movie thing I've been taking the soapbox on every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Elias Gallegos: How many
Of you tryna
Elias Gallegos: I don't know 75 150
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, let's see if we can get you feeling better. Yeah, sometimes. So you were kind of making fun of me. That's cute. I articulate because I'm afraid you know my listener won't be able to hear me. So I hope
Elias Gallegos: My Suboxone every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for now I just, I sure can. I can
Elias Gallegos: Know the transcriber
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, haha. Yes, you're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so age of first use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever tried either intentionally or accidentally. And if you don't know. We're just please. I won't be insulted. Just say, what does that mean, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay have you intentionally or accidentally ever taken fentanyl
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. When was your first use of fentanyl
Elias Gallegos: I have no good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you know you've done it. Did you do it. Do you know if you did it intentionally
Elias Gallegos: Nope. Well, I learned about it later on because like I learned that when you're smoking like something
Elias Gallegos: My friend like he taught me what tastes like when you smoke it.
Elias Gallegos: He was like basically he smoked for me and told me
Elias Gallegos: If you ever get some shit that tastes like this that means they're spending on it and I was always scared because like I was all like really
Elias Gallegos: Messed up but then you kind of told me, watch out for this because this is what it seems like it's you know it's from the Go for it. I was like, Oh, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really smart. Yeah. Cuz I'm kind of scared of that stuff MYSELF, I'm afraid people, you know, we're gonna die from it. Is that your fear, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, me too. Okay, so I'm not sure you haven't sorted out. So let's move on to another substance. How old were you when you first had alcohol.
Elias Gallegos: I was 13 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you remember if you drank every day or kind of
Elias Gallegos: Like a half gallon of oil and I drink like as much of it as I could. I think I drink about a fifth through about half of it was like 13 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what happened.
Elias Gallegos: I remember leaving my dad's apartment and walking all the way to fucking I remember were ever going to the mall and then I remember
Elias Gallegos: Yeah. Getting back home.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you like the feeling that alcohol gave you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And did you remember, maybe you drank like kind of like that for years, or that was just a one off one time.
Elias Gallegos: That for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long has it been since you drank about a fifth
Elias Gallegos: I quit.
Elias Gallegos: I quit drinking, about two or year. No, I could drink, Emily. Let's see, two to three years ago.
Okay.
Elias Gallegos: I don't drink as much as I used to anymore. I think like the most still drink now is probably like of beer and a couple shots but that's about it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe so last drink was when
Elias Gallegos: I got like
Elias Gallegos: A month ago.
Elias Gallegos: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was your age of first use I'm actually let's stick with alcohol for a second, just a couple of questions. I just want to ask about the alcohol. Did anyone ever say to you, hey man, you need to cut back on your drinking
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And has anyone. Have you ever tried to cut back and you couldn't because you were kind of going into the DTS, and the shakes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had to have what's called a get right you know where you kind of awakened.
Gwenevere Abriel: An eye opener. In the morning in order to not feel sick from the alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to marijuana. How old were you when you first tried it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how often did you use it after that.
Elias Gallegos: So I got that observation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you use marijuana daily since age 13
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you use daily. How much do you use
Elias Gallegos: Every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the frequency. How much able a joint three joints three bowls.
Elias Gallegos: I don't know. I really, I can't. There's no real answer for the
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Elias Gallegos: You're okay. You don't remember there's no real answer for any drug
Elias Gallegos: Of how much you use every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure how much I gotcha. Yeah, I, it's just a general question that you just try to answer them as best you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And when was your, what was your last
Gwenevere Abriel: Use of any
Gwenevere Abriel: THC because it comes in a lot of different forms. So that's why I asked it that way. When was your last use of it.
Elias Gallegos: Since I've been on probation. None.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I don't happen to know when that probation was. When did you start probation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: any use of things like spice or
Elias Gallegos: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it about age 13
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, did you use it on a regular basis.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And. And have you ever used them.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No age of first use of cocaine powder cocaine.
Elias Gallegos: Oh, no.
Elias Gallegos: Crack cocaine. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, denies lifetime use of crack and powder cocaine any use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Age. Your first use of math.
Elias Gallegos: 18
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and did it become a daily thing as soon as you used it.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did it become a habit.
Number.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and last year was about three weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever used if you don't know the word, then we'll just move on. And if you ever used a barbiturate
Gwenevere Abriel: Know a benzo. How about a benzodiazepine like Zani
Gwenevere Abriel: Will denies lifetime use of barbiturates as well as benzodiazepines. Have you ever engaged in huffing behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, so no weapons for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, okay. How about mushrooms PCP Rhapsody.
Row.
Gwenevere Abriel: So denies hallucinogens but transcribe all of those specifically denies lifetime use of mushrooms PCP acid.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've done stimulants. I've done
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen engines. What else am I forgetting any steroids use
Elias Gallegos: Look,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, tonight's lecture on steroid use and what do you remember if you've been in a residential treatment to treat drug use.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember where that was. You remember anything about how old you were anything like that.
Elias Gallegos: Most go over
Gwenevere Abriel: In Mexico men's recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. And how about how old were you then you think
Gwenevere Abriel: About how old do you think you were back then when you were in men's New Mexico men's recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't remember 21 okay i think in 21
Gwenevere Abriel: And thinking 21 got it all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you, was that a residential program where you stayed overnight there.
Elias Gallegos: You guys stayed there for six months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you successfully discharged.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then did you do something called an outpatient where you got to stay in your own home, but you didn't need to see someone, kind of like we're doing now and we talked about thoughts and feelings and things like that.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did. Okay. How long were you seen by someone in an outpatient setting.
Elias Gallegos: Never every day. Once every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: So never but then you thought and remembered every week.
Elias Gallegos: That it was like three times a week there was two times and
Elias Gallegos: Then I was like, all day every
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like that's intense about patient. Not really sure, but okay. Gotcha. Any other treatment that you remember any names of treatment programs, maybe
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Have you ever been to na or a
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Do you ever get a sponsor.
No.
Elias Gallegos: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Okay, no sponsor, though. Okay, I got you. Okay, so how about hospitalization. If you ever been hospitalized for your substance use.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've been admitted
Elias Gallegos: No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're going to get into the psychiatric part now because that might be where some of this information is coming from. So you mentioned some treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been treated for alcohol use.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anxiety Disorder.
Elias Gallegos: No, yes, they need to
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to
Elias Gallegos: Yeah, I just took my little retreat and now I feel weird. Like it's taking me feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm seeing some kind of movements. It's making you want to move
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to walk around for a minute just to kind of move those legs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to kind of get get moving a little
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said no, you've never been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something. Okay. Have you ever been diagnosed with depression.
Elias Gallegos: Disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dissociative disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obsessive Compulsive
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had a psychotic
Gwenevere Abriel: Incident where you saw saw things other people didn't see her things other people didn't hear.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no one diagnose that I'm talking about. Now we see that stuff when we're on a drug. But I'm talking about when you're not on that drug
Elias Gallegos: Yeah, scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you do see things that other people don't see what do you see
Elias Gallegos: Animals.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you ever been in, you called it an institution institution that addressed the the of the animals like that you were seeing things that other people couldn't see
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the name of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have the paper. Do you have. Do you happen to have the paperwork, baby. Just curious.
Elias Gallegos: If it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, are you saying who whose place you stand out currently
More
Gwenevere Abriel: Whose place.
Elias Gallegos: Mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's your place. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Having seen things that other people don't see specifically animals. Have you ever heard messages that had a special message, just for you.
Elias Gallegos: Though
Gwenevere Abriel: Couldn't hear. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever hear things other people can't hear.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's just seeing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see any animals now that I don't see
Elias Gallegos: No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've never been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. No. Okay. But if anybody's
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, have you ever been hospitalized because you were having suicidal ideation homicidal
Gwenevere Abriel: I can. We're trying to hurt yourself.
Elias Gallegos: Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Nope. Okay, denies hospitalization.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or psychiatric admission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember any of the other medications that you've been on for the anxiety. Don't remember.
Elias Gallegos: This job, Richard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just love you. Yeah, I really wonder when this this brain injury happened. You have no recollection of it though, huh.
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man Does anybody know kind of to help with memory. Does anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of service your memory when you can't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're not, you haven't taken any mood altering substance today.
Elias Gallegos: Oh, there's no Wellbutrin in the Suboxone
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this this zoom kind of fun to play with.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's cool. Okay. Let's see what we got here. So there's a real sense of loss of memory. Does it feel like that to
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what happened when you were 17
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some loss of memory, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. But there's a general sense of I've been in institutions and I've been in jail. Do you think much of your life you happen
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you adopted.
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: And D is. Were you ever in the foster care system. Do you know
Elias Gallegos: Um, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were okay. About how old were you put in into foster care 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you. You were never adopted by a family.
Nope, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know if your bio. Do you know anything about your biological parents at all.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they living
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any psychiatric conditions on your mother's side like alcohol bipolar depression, anxiety, any, any anything on her side of the family that you know have
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it did she or anyone on her side of the family ever commit suicide attempt to commit suicide.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any drug use on your mother's side of the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any schizophrenia on her side of the family.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any obsessive compulsive behaviors on her side.
No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medical issues with your mom that you know of your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so forgive me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationship between you and your birth mother. Is there any relationship at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. Is it close consistent or is it abusive neglectful
Elias Gallegos: I talked to her every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you describe it as close
Elias Gallegos: Yes, my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you describe it as supportive stable or satisfying
Elias Gallegos: Yeah, as long
Elias Gallegos: As we're gonna be messed up. I don't know. I think it's just stop taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are acting a little em interesting right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Elias Gallegos: See, so I started taking it because it gets me like all weird. And then like when I take it every day. It just searched, making it just like adds up. And then like at the end of the week, I'll be all freaking out and
Elias Gallegos: When I don't take it. I get really tired. I can't like I've been sleeping for like the past two days because I haven't been taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think we need to have a
Elias Gallegos: remark to the psychiatrists tomorrow. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, because this it is it's you might describe to the doctor Lucy yes and say,
Elias Gallegos: This is missing you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know I'm acting on like, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it's messing with
Gwenevere Abriel: What else, like for example, are you able to concentrate on something.
Elias Gallegos: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you would mention that to the doctrine, say I can't concentrate. Is it messing with your ability to answer questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. And is it messing with your memory. Do you think, or is that coming from
Elias Gallegos: Somewhere. Oh.
Elias Gallegos: My super memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So you're going to want to tell him that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I am wondering if we should reschedule this appointment until you're feeling better.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your thoughts. You think you can push through this
Elias Gallegos: How much longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: A quite a bit because
Elias Gallegos: We reschedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I'm going to, I'm going to take what we have. And I'm going to wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you meet with the psychiatrist. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's you got you got your notebook and your pan.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah, pick
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick another day to follow this up because i think i think concentration is really hard for you right now.
Elias Gallegos: Are the weekends. Good. Because I have to do community service tomorrow, community service tomorrow. And then I have
Elias Gallegos: To have
Elias Gallegos: Media 1130 that's a no no I have a counselor and 1130 tomorrow.
Elias Gallegos: And then tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: With
Gwenevere Abriel: With him is that the psychiatrist.
Elias Gallegos: Know, so if you guys with my counselor counselor for women.
Elias Gallegos: Is what my counselor for my permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay we. Yeah, we definitely need to talk more. There's, there's some missing pieces in here. I want to reconnect with you when you're feeling like your concentration is back on track. So let's write this down. You got a pen handy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay, because I think once this medication gets cleared up your mind my clear up a bit. Let's meet at 110 on June second
Elias Gallegos: What is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday. Yeah.
Elias Gallegos: That actually be perfect big thing.
Elias Gallegos: Yeah yeah cuz I have a three o'clock to 12 in New Year. Yeah. So what was it, it was a
Gwenevere Abriel: 110 at 1pm plus 10 minutes so 10 minutes after
One 110
Gwenevere Abriel: On June 2 Tuesday, June 2
Gwenevere Abriel: At 1:10pm so you want to get into virtual clinic at like 1245 so set your alarm for like 1245
Elias Gallegos: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so tell me when your next appointment with me as
Elias Gallegos: A June 2 Tuesday at 110 but just check in and so proposed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. I'm sorry, you're not feeling well. I think this assessment will go smoother when you're feeling a little better.
Elias Gallegos: For you. Okay, what am I was the rest of my prescriptions for the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to which group is normal, your group that you attend
Elias Gallegos: The Tuesday, like you guys only prescribed me to for this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that was to get you here. It was to get you to this appointment. Yeah. Yes, we'll get you all the way to
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Tuesday. Oh, shoot. You have group on that day.
Elias Gallegos: No, you just scheduled me for June 2
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you have group at seven in the morning, known to or at 12 that won't work.
Elias Gallegos: No, I have group it yeah 12 and three. But no, this is what I wrote down. So I'm gonna have to call. I think the know the 12 O'clock 12 o'clock is the group that I have with you guys. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I screwed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I screwed up. I got to make a change.
Elias Gallegos: Because the group is at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. So scooted over one day do you think Wednesday at 110 it could work.
Elias Gallegos: No, because I have a group at Wednesday at one
Elias Gallegos: Folder group. What about like Wednesday at like three
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Very possible because I keep hearing you say you have group and individual therapy. It's very possible. You're already getting the services that you need. I think I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay Aaliyah
Gwenevere Abriel: You cannot
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't have redundant services, which means you can have two therapists treating you for the same thing. You may already have a me
Elias Gallegos: You may already have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that I don't want to add to it. It's unethical. It's not right, can't do that.
Elias Gallegos: So this is the first time I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Hearing that you're already seeing a therapist. I know you have a psychiatrist. That's awesome. I'm also hearing
Elias Gallegos: therapists have a relapse.
Elias Gallegos: Prevention counselor. I have another counselor.
Elias Gallegos: So this individual can
Gwenevere Abriel: Write this down. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave here and go into virtual clinic where you started, and let them know you want to sign a release of information to your the name of your therapist and to your psychiatry.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that we can maybe you don't have to do this piece with us here. You may already be getting it.
Elias Gallegos: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I do need to check and make sure because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a little bit difficult to get information.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be me might not be. You might be me. But I do want to, I need. I can't call just anybody and talk with anybody. I've got to have your consent to do so. So
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to go where, what are you going to do
Elias Gallegos: The virtual clinic and then have released that information with my counselor.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And your psychiatrist, please.
Elias Gallegos: Almost like I just please
Gwenevere Abriel: Me now is that part of the future. Are you trying to be cute.
Elias Gallegos: No one will be can
Gwenevere Abriel: I start with the psychiatry silliness. I really want to talk with a doctor, lawyer, Lucy. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or and I'll talk to you later.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna have an order now.
Elias Gallegos: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
All right.